Let me show you a short list of version control system products on
the market today and summarize the highlights of this module. Listed
here are several well‑known products.
I won't endorse any particular tool, but here is a starter list to get you going.
Every version control system has its own approach to code branching and
merging and all the other features we have talked about today.
So document your requirements, Kanban and version control policies,
and you're done rules.
Then you can validate the tool's features against your requirements with
a pilot, and if you can, try it before you buy it.
Here's a quote, which seems so perfect for version control systems.
"Cultivate the route; the leaves and branches will take
care of themselves.", by Confucius.
You probably didn't know he practiced Kanban with version control, right?
But what this quote is saying is that the root, or the mainline, is absolutely
essential to keep pristine and perfect at all times and that you should be
able to make a build from that root or mainline,
and it would be exactly what's in production today.
Here are the key learning objectives for the module Implement
Continuous Integration to Increase Customer Value.
Continuous integration is a best practice in software
engineering to integrate your completed and tested code back
into a repository as often as necessary.
The keyword here is continuous. Areas of workflow friction.
We want to use continuous integration to reduce or even
eliminate workflow friction points.
These points are not bad things per se, and in fact,
the Kanban done rules are there for a reason to ensure
that quality work is moving forward.
But by also using continuous integration features,
such as automated test, commits, branching, and merging,
you will reduce or eliminate the friction and will smooth out the value stream,
thus improving quality and throughput even more.
The power of version control.
Remember, no version control, no continuous integration.
It is virtually impossible for me to think of anyone
not using a version control system,
even if you are a team of one. Merging down and up. With merging down,
you want to do that as much as possible so you are in sync with your
parent branch. And when code is complete,
then issue a pull request so that the parent branch's owner will merge back
into the parent the code that you have finished. Bottom line,
have the process and policies in place that your team agrees to and will follow.
There are a ton of benefits around branching and merging,
such as concurrent development, source code management,
history tracking, and whole bunch of other stuff as well.
Version control and the kanban board. Modify your board to reflect
your interaction with version control systems.
I gave you some examples of how you might morph your board.
Remember, you have the freedom to lay it out how you see fit
and let it evolve as needed.
This is the beauty of Kanban. Using continuous integration for
automated testing. You must have automated testing.
This will find and eliminate bugs from being pushed out to
the customer in the production environment.
Better quality, happier customers. Commit to commits. Improve quality
with frequent commits. By committing frequently,
say daily, commit events are triggered,
like running automated tests or other actions.
This detects errors sooner,
improves quality, and ultimately makes merging down or up easier. Up next is
Implement Continuous Deployment to Increase Customer Value.
It's basically continuous integration part one and
then continuous deployment part two. We'll see you there.